How Pathetic Can The Biden Administration Be? 
 More pathetic than any normal person can imagine.

There are 62,210 electric charging stations in the United States, with a total of 168,330 charging ports for electric vehicles.

That's a significant number, but if you want to scale up electric vehicle adoption in the United States as Biden does, it is a drop in the bucket. With 283 million cars registered in the United States it will be hard to replace even a fraction of these vehicles in any reasonable period of time. Especially given that charging an electric vehicle takes a heck of a lot longer than gassing up a car.

In the grossly misnamed 2021 "Inflation Reduction Act" Biden poured billions into increasing the number of EV charging stations, and since then the feds have managed to build 7 or 8 charging stations.

One station per billion dollars, at least so far. I assume that more will be on the way, and at this pace, we may see 21-32 by the end of a second Biden term.

Of course, putting Mayor Pete in charge of the program was a tip-off that Biden was about as serious about this electric vehicle transition as he is about restraining Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, meaning not at all. During the supply chain crisis, Mayor Alfred E. Neuman was at home playing with his adopted children rather than doing his job, and his unbroken record of failure will continue until he is elevated to Democrat candidate for president again.

Building these stations is HARD, we are told. Not so hard that Elon Musk's Tesla can't do it--they have built over 50,000 charging stations, but hard for a federal government that burns $100 bills to generate the electricity used to power these chargers. Just building those generators must be difficult enough, and figuring out how to connect to the charging ports must take a 100 bureaucrats a thousand hours to design each one.

Buttigieg is so grossly incompetent that even CBS' Face the Nation is too tough a venue for him. When Margaret Brennan compares you unfavorably to Donald Trump it is time to throw in the towel.

Not that this crew would ever consider doing that. I think they genuinely believe that they are good at this stuff, and why wouldn't they? For over 3 years they have been fluffed by the media, and now that the media is in full ass-covering-mode admitting that perhaps Biden isn't so hot nobody in D.C. has any idea what is going on.

What's remarkable is that Biden still has a shot at winning, not because even Democrats think he is a decent president, but because they are scared that Donald Trump might do to them what they have been doing to him.

I actually doubt he will, ironically.

In the meantime, the Biden people will stumble along screwing everything up, the media will flail because they don't want to be complicit in helping Trump win, but are afraid that they are burning what little credibility they have left defending a failed presidency.

I would feel for them--they are in an impossible position--but the fact is that they deserve all the scorn we can heap on them.